# packages in environment at /Users/croth/anaconda3/envs/bioenv:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
appnope                   0.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
biopython                 1.81            py310hb372a2b_1    conda-forge
brotli                    1.1.0                h0dc2134_1    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.1.0                h0dc2134_1    conda-forge
bwa                       0.7.17              h45fc8d7_11    bioconda
bwidget                   1.9.14               h694c41f_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h0d85af4_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.20.1               h10d778d_1    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2023.7.22            h8857fd0_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0               h3ce6f7e_5  
cctools_osx-64            973.0.1             hcc6d90d_13    conda-forge
certifi                   2023.7.22          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
clang                     14.0.6               h694c41f_1    conda-forge
clang-14                  14.0.6          default_hdb78580_1    conda-forge
clang_osx-64              14.0.6               h3113cd8_6    conda-forge
clangxx                   14.0.6          default_hdb78580_1    conda-forge
clangxx_osx-64            14.0.6               h6f97653_6    conda-forge
compiler-rt               14.0.6               hda8b6b8_0  
compiler-rt_osx-64        14.0.6               h8d5cb93_0  
contourpy                 1.1.1           py310h88cfcbd_1    conda-forge
curl                      8.4.0                h04015c4_0  
cycler                    0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
executing                 2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.5.0                hf0c8a7f_1    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.2               h5bb23bf_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.43.1          py310hb372a2b_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               h60636b9_2    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               hbcb3906_0    conda-forge
gettext                   0.21.1               h8a4c099_0    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_osx-64      11.3.0              h29cdc64_28  
gfortran_osx-64           11.3.0               h96634ac_0  
glib                      2.78.0               h7d26f99_0    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.78.0               h7d26f99_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.2.1                h2e338ed_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h2e338ed_1001    conda-forge
gsl                       2.7                  h93259b0_0    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  7.3.0                h413ba03_0    conda-forge
htslib                    1.18                 h365c357_0    bioconda
icu                       72.1                 h7336db1_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.17.2             pyh31c8845_0    conda-forge
isl                       0.22.1               he9d5cce_3  
jedi                      0.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.5           py310h88cfcbd_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.20.1               h049b76e_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.15                 h2dcdeff_1    conda-forge
ld64_osx-64               609                 hfd63004_13    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                hb486fe8_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           19_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                h0dc2134_1    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                h0dc2134_1    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                h0dc2134_1    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           19_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
libclang-cpp14            14.0.6          default_hdb78580_1    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.4.0                hf20ceda_0  
libcxx                    16.0.6               hd57cbcb_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.18                 hac1461d_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         h0678c8f_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 haf1e3a3_1    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.5.0                hf0c8a7f_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h0d85af4_5    conda-forge
libgfortran               5.0.0           13_2_0_h97931a8_1    conda-forge
libgfortran-devel_osx-64  11.3.0              h9dfd629_28  
libgfortran5              13.2.0               h2873a65_1    conda-forge
libglib                   2.78.0               hc62aa5d_0    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 hac89ed1_0    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             2.1.5.1              h0dc2134_1    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           19_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm14                 14.0.6               h91fad77_3  
libnghttp2                1.57.0               h9beae6a_0  
libopenblas               0.3.24          openmp_h48a4ad5_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.39               ha978bb4_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.44.0               h92b6c6a_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.0               hd019ec5_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.5.1                hf955e92_1    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.3.2                h0dc2134_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.15                 hb7f2c08_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.10.4               h554bb67_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               h8a1eda9_5    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               17.0.4               hb6ac08f_0    conda-forge
llvm-tools                14.0.6               he0576d7_3  
macs2                     2.2.9.1         py310he07d9a1_0    bioconda
make                      4.3                  h22f3db7_1    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.8.0           py310h2ec42d9_2    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.8.0           py310h2a8a546_2    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mpc                       1.3.1                h81bd1dd_0    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.2.1                h0c69b56_0    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.4                  h93d8f39_2    conda-forge
numpy                     1.26.0          py310h0171094_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.0                h13ac156_2    conda-forge
openssl                   3.1.4                hd75f5a5_0    conda-forge
packaging                 23.2               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    2.1.2           py310hdba192b_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.50.14              hbce5e75_1    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
patsy                     0.5.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.40                h1c4e4bc_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          4_h0dc2134_perl5    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.8.0              pyh1a96a4e_2    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    9.5.0           py310hd63a8c7_1    conda-forge
pip                       23.3.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.42.2               he965462_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.39             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
prompt_toolkit            3.0.39               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hc929b4f_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.16.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysam                     0.22.0          py310h2f18660_0    bioconda
python                    3.10.13         h00d2728_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2023.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.10                    4_cp310    conda-forge
pytz                      2023.3.post1       pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
r-base                    4.2.3                h29e1f52_2    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h9e318b2_1    conda-forge
samtools                  1.18                 hd510865_1    bioconda
scipy                     1.11.3          py310h2db466d_1    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.13.0               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
seaborn-base              0.13.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
setuptools                68.2.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sigtool                   0.1.3                h88f4db0_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
stack_data                0.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.14.0          py310h91862f5_2    conda-forge
tapi                      1100.0.11            h9ce4665_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13               hef22860_0    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 ha166976_5    conda-forge
tornado                   6.3.3           py310h6729b98_1    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.13.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.8.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2023c                h71feb2d_0    conda-forge
unicodedata2              15.1.0          py310h6729b98_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.41.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               h0dc2134_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h35c211d_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h775f41a_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               h8a1eda9_5    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.5                h829000d_0    conda-forge
